The primary reason for implementing a bike sharing system is to promote sustainable mobility in metropolitan regions. They offer an advantageous and simple to-involve administration for residents for brief distance trips. Besides, they are proficient in providing last mile connectivity when compared to other public transport modes. They also lessen gridlock and energy utilization and diminishing natural effects due to daily usage. As every system has its own pros and cons, even this system does have it's own for both users and operators. Bike repositioning or re-balancing has been perceived as a significant functional challenge. Demand of bikes fundamentally is non-fixed, implying that it shifts after some time and space. The fluctuating interest might cause the uneven distributions of bikes across various stations, where a few stations might be completely soaked while simultaneously others might be in the need of. Hence, it is critical to comprehend and anticipate demand for bikes to help arrange and everyday activity of bike sharing frameworks. After trying to extract all the possible hidden patterns in our data set and trying to establish the relation between our target variable and other independent variables, we understood that there are few places where the company needs to focus more on and there are places for us also to understand how the features affect bike count. After trying to build our model using Linear regression, Decision tree regressor, and Random forest and also fine tuning our parameters to increase the accuracy, we understood that Random forest regressor produced better results when compared to the other.
